well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
debates the upcoming debates
it's already been announced that the
president of the united states
will not be fact checked during the
debate
the moderators aren't going to fact
check it
well i guess we know what we can expect
from the debate then
the president of the united states will
get up there
and say whatever he feels like he will
make no effort
to tell the truth about anything
because he's not going to be held
accountable it doesn't matter where you
lie on the political spectrum
i think it is safe to say that everybody
knows
president trump is let's just say
economical with the truth
he's not known for telling the truth
ever about anything
and he's not going to be fact checked so
it's a green light for him
to just lie to the american people
it's embarrassing that we need
fact checkers at the presidential
debates
it's even more of an embarrassment that
we're not getting them
it shows that those in charge of
this this process
do not care about informing the american
people
do not care about making it better
they care about politics as usual and
that's it
this debate will not be nothing but the
president lying
because that's all he does
fear mongerer fool
grifter liar
tyrant who am i describing
got a quote from octavia butler for you
choose your leaders with wisdom and
forethought
to be led by a coward is to be
controlled by all that the coward fears
to be led by a fool is to be led by the
opportunists
who control the fool to be led by a
thief
is to offer up your most precious
treasures to be stolen
to be led by a liar is to ask to be told
lies
to be led by a tyrant is to sell
yourself and those you love
into slavery
this debate is worthless it means
nothing
because at the end of the day
whatever trump says as far as policy
considerations
they're not true it's not what he's
going to do
because he's just going to say whatever
he feels at the moment
they're worthless these debates are
worthless they're as worthless
as his promises they're going to be
nothing
they're not going to do anything to
inform the american people about their
positions
because they will not be held
accountable
and this is the kind of leader will get
another fiction that i think needs to be
avoided
right now something democrats
really need to pay attention to is that
those polls
they don't matter they do not matter
they are fictitious
all that matters is who shows up the day
of
who votes one of the reasons
i think that we have
this man in the oval office now
it's because a lot of democrats well
they think it's in the bag
they thought they knew clinton was going
to win
so i take the time right now
yeah biden may be up by 10 points
but if people don't show up we'll get
trump again
it's another convenient fiction it's
more politics as usual
those polls do not matter they mean
absolutely nothing
they mean as much as the president's
promises
as much as the words that he says
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day